fix: documentation fixes (#1960)
infrahq/infra: docs/guides/granting-access.md

## Grant access

> To grant access, use `infra grants add`. For example, to give `edit` access to a cluster named `staging` run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant access, use `infra grants add`. For example, to grant a user the `edit` role on a cluster named `staging` run:
```
